should I learn Java or C++ for games I
can't figure out which is better
Java wins hands down for web development
and web based games I'm thinking of more
than creating cute but addictive flash
games C++ is better for embedded
applications if you write the game in
Java you or the operating system will
use C++ to control the audio and video
why C++ is regularly used for audio
drivers controlling a video card and
otherwise generating the sound and feel
of a game C++ is hard Java is popular
with newbies much to the detriment of
the users Java code is easy to maintain
which is also known as fix that's what
you get for a programming language eight
out of ten programmers would recommend
teaching kids
I heard that C++ has a lot more
functionality but that is only because
it has been around for 30 or so years
Java has better libraries that's one
reason why it is popular with new
programmers they can easily rely on
libraries to find code modules instead
of having to write their own and Java is
good for embedding scripts in a larger
application yeah using C++ to control
the hardware some of the top 3d games
are written in C++ because C++ is faster
than Java and is the only way the
graphics can keep up with the game
player so what do I do learn Java
because it is easier and can get you
into coding learn C++ over time to get
better game performance end eventually
development of high-end games or I could
learn JavaScript and flash for those
cute addictive games you see for free or
a dollar a download you'll live in your
parents basement coding games instead of
playing them learn Java or C++ or both
to actually make a living and gaming
you